soj /sɑʤ/ = be
chun /ʧʌn/ = have
per /peɹ/ = do
dap /dap/ = say
saf /sæf/ = go
tug /tʌg/ = can
kev /kev/ = get
dud /dʌd/ = would
lam /læm/ = make
yub /jʌb/ = know
zop /zɑp/ = will
muz /mʌz/ = think
ched /ʧɛd/ = take
lus /lʌs/ = see
gab /gæb/ = come
kik /kik/ = could
cheb /ʧeb/ = want
gev /gɛv/ = look
lez /lɛz/ = use
kop /kɑp/ = find
rej /ɹeʤ/ = give
ruv /ɹɯv/ = tell
chob /ʧɑb/ = work
dud /dɯd/ = may
tuf /tʌf/ = should
lon /lɑn/ = call
duz /dʌz/ = try
roy /ɹɑj/ = ask
yup /jʌp/ = need
nir /niɹ/ = feel
mob /mɑb/ = become
zap /zap/ = leave
yay /jaj/ = put
dan /dan/ = mean
cheg /ʧeg/ = keep
ter /tɛɹ/ = let
zag /zag/ = begin
nuk /nʌk/ = seem
yan /jæn/ = help
zuj /zʌʤ/ = talk
dik /dik/ = turn
gag /gag/ = start
reg /ɹɛg/ = might
moch /mɑʧ/ = show
leg /lɛg/ = hear
rik /ɹik/ = play
yaf /jæf/ = run
biv /biv/ = move
set /sɛt/ = like
cheb /ʧɛb/ = live
kam /kæm/ = believe
yen /jen/ = hold
yum /jɯm/ = bring
chug /ʧʌg/ = happen
chis /ʧis/ = must
buv /bɯv/ = write
lag /læg/ = provide
nur /nʌɹ/ = sit
pin /pin/ = stand
zev /zɛv/ = lose
dub /dɯb/ = pay
tid /tid/ = meet
rum /ɹʌm/ = include
pegiz /pɛgiz/ = continue
gab /gab/ = set
dep /dep/ = learn
ser /seɹ/ = change
chej /ʧɛʤ/ = lead
dugun /dʌgɯn/ = understand
vus /vɯs/ = watch
gud /gʌd/ = follow
zud /zʌd/ = stop
zit /zit/ = create
geb /gɛb/ = speak
fap /fæp/ = read
muy /mʌj/ = allow
jey /ʤɛj/ = add
juz /ʤɯz/ = spend
puy /pʌj/ = grow
zaf /zaf/ = open
yat /jæt/ = walk
dip /dip/ = win
jup /ʤʌp/ = offer
vozel /vɑzɛl/ = remember
nev /nɛv/ = love
tolaf /tɑlæf/ = consider
ches /ʧɛs/ = appear
chad /ʧad/ = buy
jis /ʤis/ = wait
duv /dɯv/ = serve
ves /vɛs/ = die
vech /vɛʧ/ = send
suz /sʌz/ = expect
dat /dæt/ = build
bek /bɛk/ = stay
yoy /jɑj/ = fall
jid /ʤid/ = cut
toch /tɑʧ/ = reach
ros /ɹɑs/ = kill
duch /dʌʧ/ = remain
chip /ʧip/ = suggest
ches /ʧes/ = raise
sat /sæt/ = pass
bep /bep/ = sell
nak /nak/ = require
run /ɹʌn/ = report
chin /ʧin/ = decide
gan /gan/ = pull
raj /ɹaʤ/ = return
sop /sɑp/ = explain
bup /bɯp/ = hope
mav /mav/ = develop
zach /zaʧ/ = carry
mus /mɯs/ = drive
zud /zɯd/ = break
rak /ɹak/ = thank
tok /tɑk/ = receive
mat /mat/ = join
yul /jʌl/ = agree
doch /dɑʧ/ = pick
bar /baɹ/ = wear
pak /pæk/ = support
fan /fæn/ = end
kus /kʌs/ = hit
bat /bæt/ = base
vev /vev/ = produce
por /pɑɹ/ = eat
lij /liʤ/ = teach
zub /zʌb/ = face
bes /bes/ = cover
nutef /nʌtef/ = describe
dum /dʌm/ = catch
much /mʌʧ/ = draw
kan /kan/ = choose
kich /kiʧ/ = cause
vob /vɑb/ = point
zoj /zɑʤ/ = listen
lov /lɑv/ = realize
chech /ʧeʧ/ = place
viv /viv/ = close
buz /bʌz/ = involve
chegek /ʧɛgek/ = increase
bel /bɛl/ = seek
fey /fɛj/ = deal
rem /ɹɛm/ = fight
fag /fæg/ = throw
kur /kʌɹ/ = fill
juguch /ʤʌgʌʧ/ = represent
sub /sʌb/ = focus
dus /dʌs/ = drop
vut /vɯt/ = plan
kav /kav/ = push
dich /diʧ/ = reduce
tol /tɑl/ = note
ram /ɹæm/ = enter
zoch /zɑʧ/ = share
juk /ʤɯk/ = rise
meb /mɛb/ = shoot
gas /gas/ = save
jog /ʤɑg/ = protect
jar /ʤæɹ/ = lie
bem /bem/ = occur
tey /tɛj/ = accept
vijif /viʤif/ = identify
lojap /lɑʤap/ = determine
gig /gig/ = prepare
fat /fat/ = argue
bejes /beʤes/ = recognize
tolal /tɑlæl/ = indicate
vej /veʤ/ = wonder
jif /ʤif/ = lay
zich /ziʧ/ = fail
muf /mʌf/ = arrive
suf /sʌf/ = name
nom /nɑm/ = present
zay /zæj/ = answer
met /mɛt/ = compare
dur /dʌɹ/ = miss
pof /pɑf/ = act
pov /pɑv/ = state
bob /bɑb/ = discuss
mug /mʌg/ = force
vis /vis/ = check
tap /tap/ = laugh
liy /lij/ = guess
chem /ʧem/ = study
zab /zæb/ = prove
jej /ʤeʤ/ = hang
fov /fɑv/ = design
bach /bæʧ/ = forget
chid /ʧid/ = claim
ted /ted/ = remove
mut /mɯt/ = sound
joch /ʤɑʧ/ = enjoy
fuv /fʌv/ = form
bulav /bɯlav/ = establish
tis /tis/ = visit
bup /bʌp/ = care
vab /væb/ = avoid
vem /vɛm/ = imagine
jar /ʤaɹ/ = finish
jom /ʤɑm/ = respond
beras /bɛɹæs/ = maintain
rej /ɹɛʤ/ = reveal
bach /baʧ/ = contain
chil /ʧil/ = head
yuch /jɯʧ/ = control
ved /ved/ = apply
fef /fef/ = shake
pit /pit/ = fly
bon /bɑn/ = manage
vap /væp/ = perform
chesid /ʧesid/ = discover
vil /vil/ = treat
baj /bæʤ/ = affect
faz /faz/ = worry
dar /dæɹ/ = mention
dof /dɑf/ = improve
chez /ʧez/ = sign
laj /laʤ/ = reflect
seg /seg/ = sing
rob /ɹɑb/ = exist
pach /pæʧ/ = address
sus /sʌs/ = test
much /mɯʧ/ = step
lup /lʌp/ = beat
zeb /zeb/ = tend
dit /dit/ = notice
fam /fæm/ = wish
tap /tæp/ = smile
naz /naz/ = figure
das /das/ = relate
mag /mag/ = travel
vag /væg/ = prevent
mij /miʤ/ = born
gop /gɑp/ = admit
tup /tʌp/ = assume
yav /jæv/ = suffer
daj /dæʤ/ = publish
neg /neg/ = cost
zey /zɛj/ = release
fech /feʧ/ = own
luv /lʌv/ = recall
nan /nan/ = stare
bey /bej/ = hurt
bam /bam/ = strike
soy /sɑj/ = achieve
jot /ʤɑt/ = refer
faf /faf/ = conduct
dibos /dibɑs/ = announce
vup /vʌp/ = examine
zug /zʌg/ = touch
mig /mig/ = attend
zen /zen/ = vote
choj /ʧɑʤ/ = sleep
feraf /feɹæf/ = experience
chim /ʧim/ = replace
lubel /lɯbel/ = encourage
dubun /dɯbɯn/ = complete
sas /sæs/ = stick
ker /keɹ/ = define
keyat /kejat/ = introduce
mit /mit/ = drink
mod /mɑd/ = handle
yes /jɛs/ = refuse
pib /pib/ = roll
non /nɑn/ = gain
fuz /fʌz/ = hide
bed /bed/ = express
teb /tɛb/ = ride
pag /pag/ = deliver
ges /gɛs/ = observe
dev /dev/ = emerge
zel /zɛl/ = earn
yul /jɯl/ = operate
nakez /nækez/ = contribute
nach /næʧ/ = settle
chir /ʧiɹ/ = feed
def /dɛf/ = collect
zev /zev/ = promote
pab /pab/ = count
mim /mim/ = marry
lis /lis/ = order
tach /tæʧ/ = survive
chag /ʧæg/ = lift
ter /teɹ/ = jump
kut /kɯt/ = gather
det /det/ = limit
noy /nɑj/ = fit
mat /mæt/ = cry
suyav /sɯjav/ = associate
piz /piz/ = result
jez /ʤez/ = insist
chusud /ʧʌsʌd/ = approach
mug /mɯg/ = spread
jay /ʤaj/ = ignore
jos /ʤɑs/ = measure
zudup /zɯdɯp/ = demonstrate
sel /sel/ = engage
chit /ʧit/ = cross
gitup /gitɯp/ = threaten
tuch /tɯʧ/ = commit
mej /mɛʤ/ = deny
mum /mʌm/ = blow
tom /tɑm/ = destroy
poch /pɑʧ/ = cook
jev /ʤev/ = charge
lap /lap/ = burn
chak /ʧæk/ = view
sav /sæv/ = dress
jus /ʤɯs/ = promise
pal /pal/ = extend
kep /kep/ = combine
jak /ʤak/ = demand
zun /zʌn/ = remind
lig /lig/ = fire
zam /zæm/ = depend
tub /tʌb/ = grab
musad /mʌsæd/ = participate
tut /tɯt/ = hire
ses /sɛs/ = tie
zer /zeɹ/ = train
soch /sɑʧ/ = lean
mur /mɯɹ/ = hate
zum /zʌm/ = press
zed /zɛd/ = intend
pak /pak/ = attack
jich /ʤiʧ/ = shut
diy /dij/ = welcome
ved /vɛd/ = nod
jim /ʤim/ = paint
gug /gɯg/ = direct
sef /sɛf/ = climb
kuv /kʌv/ = expand
busin /bɯsin/ = disappear
fuv /fɯv/ = explore
red /ɹed/ = obtain
dufan /dʌfæn/ = surround
moj /mɑʤ/ = invite
lor /lɑɹ/ = repeat
gap /gap/ = predict
buv /bʌv/ = bear
buy /bʌj/ = adopt
mog /mɑg/ = attempt
gon /gɑn/ = connect
tur /tʌɹ/ = belong
menap /menæp/ = organize
patad /patad/ = acknowledge
gal /gæl/ = record
chiz /ʧiz/ = fear
kalen /kalen/ = struggle
kivur /kivʌɹ/ = conclude
jut /ʤɯt/ = last
lak /lak/ = shift
pis /pis/ = mark
ray /ɹaj/ = locate
pibon /pibɑn/ = recommend
tisuy /tisʌj/ = generate
riz /ɹiz/ = propose
sey /sɛj/ = capture
yas /jas/ = prefer
mud /mʌd/ = search
bor /bɑɹ/ = feature
chuv /ʧʌv/ = link
par /paɹ/ = select
rap /ɹæp/ = declare
tenach /tɛnaʧ/ = appreciate
juj /ʤʌʤ/ = launch
nis /nis/ = defend
pap /pap/ = matter
tev /tɛv/ = judge
lav /læv/ = ought
ran /ɹan/ = ensure
kor /kɑɹ/ = mix
yed /jed/ = wake
fanob /fænɑb/ = challenge
jeg /ʤeg/ = warn
chach /ʧæʧ/ = steal
rey /ɹej/ = pursue
vim /vim/ = slip
buvim /bɯvim/ = influence
zik /zik/ = blame
bamel /bamɛl/ = estimate
gejen /geʤɛn/ = investigate
tut /tʌt/ = kick
peg /pɛg/ = solve
kajat /kaʤat/ = eliminate
bam /bæm/ = trust
far /fæɹ/ = score
chep /ʧɛp/ = afford
nap /nap/ = confirm
tin /tin/ = fix
fuf /fʌf/ = rely
yasit /jæsit/ = complain
far /faɹ/ = issue
saz /sæz/ = back
gib /gib/ = range
sak /sæk/ = attract
tuj /tɯʤ/ = file
voj /vɑʤ/ = clear
niv /niv/ = pour
keb /kɛb/ = stir
suy /sɯj/ = clean
vus /vʌs/ = grant
mir /miɹ/ = account
moy /mɑj/ = stretch
juf /ʤɯf/ = rest
chuven /ʧʌvɛn/ = separate
gom /gɑm/ = aim
jak /ʤæk/ = cite
boz /bɑz/ = divide
sep /sɛp/ = oppose
tezud /tɛzʌd/ = question
zer /zɛɹ/ = rush
reb /ɹɛb/ = employ
gen /gɛn/ = dance
suv /sʌv/ = match
kaf /kæf/ = lack
kuruk /kʌɹʌk/ = emphasize
pel /pel/ = decline
fiv /fiv/ = invest
riv /ɹiv/ = expose
fed /fɛd/ = succeed
gemuk /gɛmɯk/ = celebrate
goch /gɑʧ/ = accuse
nen /nen/ = hand
ten /tɛn/ = land
foch /fɑʧ/ = reject
zag /zæg/ = escape
god /gɑd/ = cast
chisuy /ʧisʌj/ = convince
ton /tɑn/ = assess
yeb /jɛb/ = lower
sol /sɑl/ = approve
jod /ʤɑd/ = acquire
tal /tal/ = compete
doz /dɑz/ = mind
suf /sɯf/ = list
fep /fep/ = regard
zej /zɛʤ/ = knock
zog /zɑg/ = review
yus /jʌs/ = wrap
tip /tip/ = display
paz /pæz/ = suspect
nud /nʌd/ = permit
seb /seb/ = scream
chum /ʧɯm/ = drag
yab /jab/ = recover
vir /viɹ/ = arrest
chef /ʧef/ = wash
lipud /lipʌd/ = purchase
nuf /nʌf/ = shout
dan /dæn/ = suppose
zofan /zɑfæn/ = perceive
bech /bɛʧ/ = slow
tos /tɑs/ = slide
jor /ʤɑɹ/ = inform
luf /lɯf/ = abandon
kijay /kiʤaj/ = transform
rin /ɹin/ = bother
tub /tɯb/ = consist
lid /lid/ = enable
chug /ʧɯg/ = bend
jin /ʤin/ = shall
mip /mip/ = rule
jatur /ʤatʌɹ/ = preserve
chif /ʧif/ = arrange
jil /ʤil/ = reply
nuv /nɯv/ = lock
duy /dɯj/ = deserve
mal /mal/ = tear
seb /sɛb/ = pose
zur /zʌɹ/ = benefit
gul /gɯl/ = resolve
rem /ɹem/ = contact
tafuf /tafʌf/ = interview
yeg /jɛg/ = quote
ful /fɯl/ = urge
zem /zɛm/ = breathe
gach /gæʧ/ = elect
ruy /ɹɯj/ = pack
lekoz /lɛkɑz/ = implement
pat /pæt/ = inspire
tev /tev/ = adjust
fich /fiʧ/ = retire
tan /tan/ = kiss
dirod /diɹɑd/ = dominate
labat /læbæt/ = transfer
zil /zil/ = analyze
maz /mæz/ = attach
zul /zʌl/ = coach
dezip /dɛzip/ = exercise
yuf /jʌf/ = enhance
siv /siv/ = impose
bugej /bɯgeʤ/ = evaluate
vip /vip/ = trade
genul /gɛnʌl/ = accomplish
simos /simɑs/ = illustrate
bif /bif/ = monitor
basan /basan/ = concentrate
meb /meb/ = vary
chel /ʧɛl/ = ring
luj /lɯʤ/ = race
jel /ʤel/ = smell
ger /geɹ/ = light
fek /fek/ = toss
zuch /zɯʧ/ = bury
yez /jez/ = pray
lul /lʌl/ = block
kupeb /kɯpɛb/ = confront
gep /gep/ = glance
jop /ʤɑp/ = shape
cheloch /ʧelɑʧ/ = accompany
dez /dɛz/ = whisper
par /pæɹ/ = swing
kar /kaɹ/ = dig
yem /jɛm/ = plant
sod /sɑd/ = resist
jas /ʤas/ = embrace
fam /fam/ = supply
vig /vig/ = assist
masaz /mæsæz/ = construct
sez /sez/ = line
nap /næp/ = date
map /map/ = secure
maj /mæʤ/ = smoke
may /mæj/ = bind
bot /bɑt/ = favor
chay /ʧaj/ = weigh
juk /ʤʌk/ = install
bub /bʌb/ = quit
beg /beg/ = comment
yarar /jæɹaɹ/ = negotiate
jap /ʤæp/ = restore
get /gɛt/ = pop
gez /gɛz/ = advise
natek /natek/ = criticize
kis /kis/ = assure
tus /tʌs/ = arise
vomap /vɑmap/ = schedule
vech /veʧ/ = dream
ret /ɹet/ = snap
chagav /ʧagæv/ = incorporate
pug /pʌg/ = switch
tisaj /tisæʤ/ = graduate
zon /zɑn/ = assign
chal /ʧal/ = wave
nib /nib/ = yell
vaf /væf/ = sweep
maf /mæf/ = spin
ged /ged/ = house
mar /mæɹ/ = yield
ded /dɛd/ = wind
chab /ʧæb/ = found
lim /lim/ = react
mozud /mɑzɯd/ = communicate
mos /mɑs/ = taste
zegil /zɛgil/ = disagree
yig /jig/ = advance
tur /tɯɹ/ = proceed
bay /bæj/ = track
pub /pʌb/ = bet
kasuch /kasʌʧ/ = overcome
fud /fɯd/ = occupy
mufum /mɯfʌm/ = encounter
fas /fas/ = wipe
sov /sɑv/ = honor
feb /feb/ = retain
leley /lɛlɛj/ = translate
vik /vik/ = process
zopag /zɑpag/ = interpret
mak /mæk/ = detect
dam /dæm/ = balance
bab /bab/ = flow
ler /lɛɹ/ = market
kigit /kigit/ = guarantee
nos /nɑs/ = pause
girud /giɹɯd/ = withdraw
dil /dil/ = testify
zuv /zʌv/ = imply
tum /tɯm/ = dismiss
dur /dɯɹ/ = bake
sip /sip/ = freeze
dag /dag/ = sink
fuy /fʌj/ = respect
ked /ked/ = evolve
dog /dɑg/ = justify
las /læs/ = possess
dav /dæv/ = tap
ruch /ɹʌʧ/ = double
vuz /vʌz/ = swim
vek /vɛk/ = tire
yov /jɑv/ = free
kan /kæn/ = relax
zur /zɯɹ/ = rub
ruruz /ɹʌɹɯz/ = practice
bez /bɛz/ = fade
zevag /zɛvag/ = characterize
lar /laɹ/ = alter
char /ʧaɹ/ = spot
ramach /ɹamaʧ/ = constitute
duk /dʌk/ = squeeze
mal /mæl/ = target
ril /ɹil/ = convert
faf /fæf/ = load
geg /gɛg/ = appeal
chib /ʧib/ = pretend
loz /lɑz/ = split
beg /bɛg/ = violate
men /men/ = stress
nik /nik/ = adapt
fag /fag/ = flee
tirot /tiɹɑt/ = distribute
ked /kɛd/ = doubt
lod /lɑd/ = guide
bel /bel/ = witness
pey /pej/ = owe
fel /fel/ = sustain
tuv /tɯv/ = mount
men /mɛn/ = differ
nof /nɑf/ = store
gey /gɛj/ = damage
mep /mep/ = satisfy
vich /viʧ/ = consume
mef /mɛf/ = fund
rep /ɹep/ = trace
yet /jɛt/ = educate
dodiv /dɑdiv/ = calculate
yit /jit/ = rid
jal /ʤæl/ = waste
med /mɛd/ = qualify
jat /ʤat/ = derive
den /den/ = impress
zuvip /zʌvip/ = resemble
paguf /pagɯf/ = surprise
lemal /lemæl/ = strengthen
rev /ɹev/ = rate
yer /jɛɹ/ = explode
jag /ʤag/ = prompt
num /nɯm/ = request
kes /kɛs/ = absorb
vuj /vʌʤ/ = sue
nezug /nɛzɯg/ = overlook
sir /siɹ/ = float
res /ɹɛs/ = undergo
nez /nɛz/ = assert
lan /læn/ = print
mil /mil/ = bite
fop /fɑp/ = risk
num /nʌm/ = suit
zoyich /zɑjiʧ/ = register
lug /lɯg/ = appoint
nal /nal/ = sense
yup /jɯp/ = dry
kev /kɛv/ = wander
fuf /fɯf/ = submit
gased /gased/ = anticipate
map /mæp/ = shrug
bek /bek/ = cope
tag /tæg/ = host
nov /nɑv/ = depict
ketan /ketan/ = collapse
nam /nam/ = borrow
yif /jif/ = brush
big /big/ = devote
fug /fɯg/ = crack
lok /lɑk/ = ease
daz /dæz/ = seize
vunav /vʌnav/ = function
nupaf /nɯpæf/ = distinguish
dab /dab/ = correct
lej /leʤ/ = portray
chejab /ʧeʤæb/ = persuade
yik /jik/ = ban
kel /kel/ = admire
fiy /fij/ = exceed
yoz /jɑz/ = crash
kum /kɯm/ = exhibit
dem /dɛm/ = chase
busil /bɯsil/ = document
lech /leʧ/ = recruit
mup /mɯp/ = swear
sad /sad/ = defeat
ritoy /ɹitɑj/ = reinforce
tich /tiʧ/ = sigh
chubuj /ʧɯbɯʤ/ = attribute
yar /jæɹ/ = dare
rol /ɹɑl/ = cool
chujim /ʧɯʤim/ = highlight
mater /mæteɹ/ = decrease
chub /ʧʌb/ = compose
jed /ʤɛd/ = peer
dom /dɑm/ = rank
faboz /fæbɑz/ = regulate
tof /tɑf/ = shine
gich /giʧ/ = upset
veb /vɛb/ = resign
sof /sɑf/ = invent
lolel /lɑlɛl/ = interrupt
fer /fɛɹ/ = concern
kav /kæv/ = hunt
rar /ɹaɹ/ = echo
fugev /fʌgev/ = integrate
yuz /jɯz/ = rent
gik /gik/ = delay
kip /kip/ = shop
kef /kɛf/ = finance
pot /pɑt/ = beg
jet /ʤɛt/ = sponsor
pok /pɑk/ = slam
fus /fʌs/ = melt
sev /sɛv/ = entitle
vuk /vɯk/ = park
san /san/ = exclude
mech /meʧ/ = greet
kof /kɑf/ = murder
boj /bɑʤ/ = march
ruk /ɹʌk/ = pitch
nuy /nɯj/ = excuse
dad /dad/ = fold
meg /mɛg/ = reverse
puz /pʌz/ = flash
yaz /jæz/ = tip
vib /vib/ = confuse
tud /tʌd/ = plead
latul /lætʌl/ = initiate
rul /ɹʌl/ = swallow
gakaj /gækaʤ/ = motivate
sif /sif/ = render
gos /gɑs/ = trap
fadar /fædaɹ/ = restrict
fujug /fɯʤɯg/ = enforce
falev /fælɛv/ = lend
lefez /lefɛz/ = contend
lilum /lilɯm/ = assemble
savej /sæveʤ/ = burst
chalij /ʧæliʤ/ = speed
rutaj /ɹɯtaʤ/ = protest
nifag /nifag/ = facilitate
pipas /pipæs/ = rip
yunaz /jɯnaz/ = top
puchoj /pʌʧɑʤ/ = label
retaj /ɹɛtæʤ/ = consult
kakus /kakɯs/ = forgive
panuk /panɯk/ = warm
lazeb /læzɛb/ = project
murak /mʌɹæk/ = drift
refem /ɹefem/ = drain
gupuv /gʌpɯv/ = hurry
zepoz /zepɑz/ = suck
tacheg /taʧɛg/ = leap
tuses /tɯses/ = dump
jelal /ʤelæl/ = execute
felet /fɛlɛt/ = average
zogel /zɑgɛl/ = tune
monub /mɑnʌb/ = endure
lelen /lelɛn/ = behave
sonay /sɑnæj/ = administer
munuz /mɯnʌz/ = guard
dosuv /dɑsɯv/ = await
fusan /fɯsæn/ = trigger
kizub /kizɯb/ = spill
daful /dafʌl/ = convict
dabas /dæbæs/ = modify
botug /bɑtɯg/ = award
zonan /zɑnæn/ = boost
bisev /bisɛv/ = undermine
japam /ʤapæm/ = survey
jadaj /ʤædaʤ/ = research
mayaj /mæjæʤ/ = stuff
togir /tɑgiɹ/ = govern
volug /vɑlʌg/ = accommodate
chechub /ʧeʧʌb/ = praise
negan /negan/ = injure
mosav /mɑsæv/ = abuse
vupup /vʌpɯp/ = apologize
batut /batʌt/ = scatter
dechem /dɛʧɛm/ = convey
zigid /zigid/ = twist
chuvib /ʧʌvib/ = relieve
natef /nætɛf/ = suspend
rachaf /ɹaʧæf/ = desire
vebad /vebæd/ = resume
chesan /ʧesan/ = rebuild
fazon /fæzɑn/ = bounce
kezun /kezʌn/ = click
chated /ʧated/ = signal
bojech /bɑʤɛʧ/ = dedicate
lenod /lenɑd/ = carve
suchuf /sɯʧɯf/ = ship
rokab /ɹɑkab/ = scare
tisum /tisʌm/ = rescue
tetal /tɛtæl/ = diagnose
lobaj /lɑbæʤ/ = crawl
munos /mɯnɑs/ = frame
veyum /vɛjɯm/ = hug
kokug /kɑkɯg/ = punish
ronez /ɹɑnɛz/ = endorse
muves /mʌves/ = program
nebab /nebæb/ = picture
chutaj /ʧɯtaʤ/ = age
vebog /vebɑg/ = volunteer
yagij /jagiʤ/ = advocate
fupam /fɯpam/ = strip
bavap /bavæp/ = cancel
vogib /vɑgib/ = blend
pujet /pʌʤet/ = slice
luruz /lʌɹʌz/ = peel
jepad /ʤɛpad/ = hesitate
madak /madæk/ = flip
bapon /bæpɑn/ = debate
dusoy /dɯsɑj/ = vanish
devuy /dɛvɯj/ = trail
jefez /ʤɛfez/ = confess
cheler /ʧɛlɛɹ/ = enroll
kimoz /kimɑz/ = diminish
pezip /pɛzip/ = value
roruz /ɹɑɹɯz/ = minimize
bopok /bɑpɑk/ = chop
gekav /gekæv/ = isolate
jinoch /ʤinɑʧ/ = pump
ligaf /ligaf/ = repair
redad /ɹedæd/ = prohibit
supoz /sɯpɑz/ = command
tubib /tɯbib/ = stumble
cheroy /ʧeɹɑj/ = descend
tifof /tifɑf/ = hook
yupid /jʌpid/ = cooperate
taden /tadɛn/ = seal
bobuf /bɑbʌf/ = scan
beyal /bɛjæl/ = undertake
dupep /dɯpep/ = reserve
yakef /jakef/ = spring
tulad /tʌlæd/ = oversee
fufun /fɯfʌn/ = stem
niyip /nijip/ = credit
penay /penaj/ = shock
soyod /sɑjɑd/ = please
zipaf /zipaf/ = slap
vurur /vʌɹɯɹ/ = donate
pakek /pakɛk/ = tackle
chezem /ʧɛzɛm/ = heat
chanug /ʧanʌg/ = tuck
tepir /tɛpiɹ/ = post
pelen /pɛlɛn/ = specialize
julen /ʤɯlen/ = sail
bavud /bavʌd/ = condemn
lebom /lebɑm/ = unite
choses /ʧɑses/ = equip
fazav /fæzæv/ = exchange
livaf /livaf/ = grin
chevob /ʧevɑb/ = bless
navit /navit/ = rock
lerot /lɛɹɑt/ = root
baval /baval/ = conceive
mogep /mɑgep/ = grasp
mijug /miʤʌg/ = position
nufas /nʌfas/ = calm
simuch /simʌʧ/ = haul
felat /felat/ = concede
depup /depɯp/ = ruin
bonot /bɑnɑt/ = discourage
pazeb /pæzeb/ = divorce
pisat /pisæt/ = star
lemov /lɛmɑv/ = draft
kisis /kisis/ = instruct
jatab /ʤætab/ = manipulate
doted /dɑted/ = edit
cheyad /ʧɛjæd/ = whip
vorur /vɑɹɯɹ/ = boil
nayod /najɑd/ = seat
musiz /mɯsiz/ = utilize
memab /mɛmæb/ = dissolve
feduv /fedɯv/ = object
sedaj /sedaʤ/ = spell
pasas /pasæs/ = insert
gukuk /gʌkʌk/ = crush
labip /læbip/ = tolerate
zupen /zʌpɛn/ = harm
zegag /zɛgag/ = scramble
ruket /ɹɯkɛt/ = decorate
mefor /mefɑɹ/ = sort
chemet /ʧɛmɛt/ = interact
lineg /linɛg/ = punch
puvep /pʌvɛp/ = persist
joven /ʤɑven/ = shed
ralid /ɹælid/ = foster
muyol /mʌjɑl/ = cheat
dugay /dʌgæj/ = access
ludob /lɯdɑb/ = heal
chuzik /ʧɯzik/ = exploit
zipan /zipan/ = shove
bapar /bæpæɹ/ = comprise
zinem /zinem/ = counter
lalez /lalez/ = disclose
fadej /fadɛʤ/ = interfere
tedil /tɛdil/ = outline
kudal /kɯdæl/ = gaze
kogeg /kɑgeg/ = uncover
kamor /kamɑɹ/ = reward
dafag /dafag/ = stimulate
fajal /fæʤal/ = sacrifice
bigez /bigɛz/ = compel
vukan /vʌkan/ = proclaim
vuchut /vʌʧɯt/ = hike
murom /mɯɹɑm/ = cease
yayej /jæjɛʤ/ = inherit
keton /ketɑn/ = shrink
jipok /ʤipɑk/ = model
lolik /lɑlik/ = envision
nupam /nʌpam/ = weaken
muvig /mʌvig/ = deploy
beges /begɛs/ = distract
zesek /zɛsek/ = invade
lilak /lilæk/ = classify
fanus /fanɯs/ = wound
paguz /pægɯz/ = aid
fanan /fænan/ = skip
rutus /ɹɯtɯs/ = flood
padech /pædeʧ/ = dip
buyuch /bʌjʌʧ/ = tighten
visez /visɛz/ = boast
tetem /tetem/ = pat
jazach /ʤæzæʧ/ = unfold
cherev /ʧeɹɛv/ = joke
remem /ɹemem/ = deem
chamov /ʧæmɑv/ = sneak
kedil /kɛdil/ = disturb
loyob /lɑjɑb/ = pile
bivem /bivɛm/ = spare
renich /ɹɛniʧ/ = cure
tarus /tæɹʌs/ = regret
juchon /ʤʌʧɑn/ = cling
fenuy /fenʌj/ = blink
valum /vælɯm/ = plunge
vevich /vɛviʧ/ = color
yeral /jɛɹæl/ = rain
komed /kɑmɛd/ = steer
piduv /pidʌv/ = cheer
jeruch /ʤeɹɯʧ/ = thrive
yedeg /jedeg/ = chew
chedub /ʧedɯb/ = comply
jayav /ʤæjav/ = transport
ragol /ɹagɑl/ = scratch
gedib /gɛdib/ = compromise
buliz /bɯliz/ = strain
dejech /deʤɛʧ/ = sprinkle
rubod /ɹɯbɑd/ = arm
burot /bʌɹɑt/ = forbid
chadom /ʧadɑm/ = poke
jubay /ʤɯbæj/ = opt
tetif /tɛtif/ = trouble
begod /bɛgɑd/ = soar
pofun /pɑfɯn/ = enact
nefuch /nɛfɯʧ/ = round
yuvat /jɯvæt/ = remark
mubich /mʌbiʧ/ = exhaust
mosun /mɑsʌn/ = circle
lesuz /lɛsɯz/ = prevail
takach /tækæʧ/ = screw
dadur /dadʌɹ/ = battle
gajuch /gæʤɯʧ/ = drill
vuzey /vɯzej/ = authorize
lamom /lamɑm/ = pound
tadol /tadɑl/ = frown
vulat /vʌlat/ = regain
somaf /sɑmaf/ = broadcast
kezoz /kezɑz/ = overwhelm
daset /daset/ = contemplate
tebaz /tebæz/ = update
negag /negag/ = spark
kelam /kelam/ = speculate
lichol /liʧɑl/ = preach
fibich /fibiʧ/ = bomb
notol /nɑtɑl/ = provoke
sufech /sʌfɛʧ/ = fish
terim /teɹim/ = mutter
nilug /nilɯg/ = depart
pabum /pæbʌm/ = soak
vochev /vɑʧɛv/ = transmit
balev /balɛv/ = screen
pepach /pɛpaʧ/ = coordinate
pulam /pʌlam/ = specify
yetuy /jetʌj/ = frustrate
sechab /sɛʧæb/ = crowd
ratach /ɹætaʧ/ = articulate
goyad /gɑjæd/ = swell
rojid /ɹɑʤid/ = soften
vepaz /vɛpaz/ = photograph
yobug /jɑbɯg/ = straighten
zelim /zelim/ = bow
fisis /fisis/ = weave
yuchol /jɯʧɑl/ = copy
mezul /mezɯl/ = trim
rusun /ɹɯsʌn/ = accelerate
vuzum /vʌzɯm/ = drown
tunin /tɯnin/ = spit
rimit /ɹimit/ = harvest
fogep /fɑgɛp/ = kneel
keyod /kejɑd/ = dictate
nafuch /nafɯʧ/ = kid